+++
date = '2025-12-19T15:20:11+08:00'
lastmod = '2025-12-23T10:35:11+08:00'
draft = false
title = 'December'
tags = ['confide']
address = 'Shenzhen city, Guangdong Province'
+++

It's been quite a long time since I last worte my diary. Nineteen days past and December is going to end, but the weather is still warm and the feeling of winter gradually fades year by year.

On December 7, it was your birthday and we had expensive lunch in Lei Garden, costing us 911 HKD. It's a pity that the roast chicken sold out. After lunch, we went to a lounge in CUHK because you guys needed to discuss itinerary of Vietnam. The book *The Nolan Variation* was so bland and so noisy from you guys that I could not concentrate on it.

On December 9, our team went cycling around Songshan Lake in Dongguan. My leader made this decision on December 8 because he had meeting on Thursday and Friday. Plus, another teammate asked for leave on Wednestday, so we had to choose Tuesday to do team building. Due to weekday, only several other people were riding besides us. And with sunny and clear sky, its huge comfortable to ride a bycycle. I thought the scenery on both side of cycling track was better than the Honghua Lake in Huizhou city. On the way of cycling, there was a big tree where many cats were playing at. And they were able to climb on branch of that tree connecting to the roof. Cat food is the best approach if we would like to attract cat's attention next time. Eventually, we accomplish totally 20 KM cycling. So fun we chose Thai cuisine as lunch again, just like last year. That day should be perfect but I had stomachache after drinking latte from Starbuck. It's tough to endure when I was on the taxi. And I swore I shall not drink latte any more when I need to take public transportations.

Between December 13 and December 14, only the cat and me stayed at home while you were travelling in Vietnam. This was the most relax weekend for me in recent year. I spent 90 percentage of time on our bed😂. The weather was cold and playing mobile games was such leisure. During those days, I thought the relationship between cat and me had been upgraded. He followed me all the time and didn't wake me up for four mornings. The warmest and most intimate moment was that he slept next to me, leaning on my arm each night. Every time I moved away from him, and then he came back to lean on my arm to sleep.

Thanks for bringing me some snacks from Vietnam.